Page Layout
1.	❏    Appealing to target audience
2.	❏    Consistent site header/logo
3.	❏    Consistent navigation area
4.	❏    Informative page title that includes the company/organization/site name
5.	❏    Page footer area includes copyright, last update, contact e-mail address
6.	❏    Good use of basic design principles: repetition, contrast, proximity, and alignment
7.	❏    Displays without horizontal scrolling at 1024×768 and higher resolutions
8.	❏    Balance of text/graphics/white space on page
9.	❏    Good contrast between text and background
10.	❏    Header and nav occupy less than ¼ to ⅓ of the browser at 1024×768 resolution
11.	❏    Home page has compelling, interesting information above the fold at 1024×768
12.	❏    Home page downloads within ten seconds on dial-up connection
13.	❏    Viewport meta tag is used to enhance display on smartphones
14.	❏    Media queries configure responsive page layout for smartphone and tablet display
Browser Compatibility
1.	❏   Displays on popular/current versions of Internet Explorer
2.	❏   Displays on popular/current versions of Microsoft Edge
3.	❏   Displays on current versions of Firefox
4.	❏   Displays on current versions of Google Chrome
5.	❏   Displays on current versions of Opera
6.	❏   Displays on current versions of Safari (both Mac and Windows)
7.	❏   Displays on popular mobile devices (including tablets and smartphones)
Navigation –
1.	❏   Main navigation links are clearly and consistently labeled
2.	❏   Navigation is easy to use for target audience
3.	❏   If main navigation uses images, clear text links are in the footer section of the page
4.	❏   If main navigation uses Flash, clear text links are in the footer section of the page
5.	❏   Navigation is structured in an unordered list
6.	❏   Navigation aids, such as site map, skip navigation link, or breadcrumbs are used
7.	❏   All navigation hyperlinks "work" — are not broken
Color and Graphics
1.	❏   Color scheme is limited to a maximum of three or four colors plus neutrals
2.	❏   Color is used consistently
3.	❏   Text color has sufficient contrast with background color
4.	❏   Color is not used alone to convey meaning
5.	❏   Use of color and graphics enhances rather than distracts from the site
6.	❏   Graphics are optimized and do not significantly slow download
7.	❏   Each graphic used serves a clear purpose
8.	❏   Image tags use the alt attribute to configure an alternate text description
9.	❏   Animated images do not distract from the site and do not endlessly repeat
Multimedia
1.	❏   Each audio/video/Flash file used serves a clear purpose
2.	❏   The audio/video/Flash files used enhance rather than distract from the site
3.	❏   Captions are provided for each audio or video file used
4.	❏   Download times for audio or video files are indicated
5.	❏   Links to downloads for media plug-ins are provided
Content Presentation
1.	❏   Common fonts such as Arial or Times New Roman are used
2.	❏   No more than one web font is used
3.	❏   Techniques of writing for the Web are used: headings, bullet points, brief paragraphs
4.	❏   Fonts, font sizes, and font colors are consistently used
5.	❏   Content provides meaningful, useful information
6.	❏   Content is organized in a consistent manner
7.	❏   Information is easy to find (minimal clicks)
8.	❏   Timeliness: The date of the last revision and/or copyright date is accurate
9.	❏   Content does not include outdated material
10.	❏   Content is free of typographical and grammatical errors
11.	❏   Content provides links to other useful sites
12.	❏   Avoids the use of "Click here" when writing text for hyperlinks
13.	❏   Hyperlinks use a consistent set of colors to indicate visited/nonvisited status
14.	❏   If graphics are used to convey meaning, the alternate text equivalent is provided
15.	❏   If media is used to convey meaning, the alternate text equivalent is provided
Functionality
1.	❏   All internal hyperlinks work
2.	❏   All external hyperlinks work
3.	❏   All forms function as expected
4.	❏   No JavaScript errors are generated
Accessibility
1.	❏   If main navigation uses images, text links are in the footer section of the page
2.	❏   If main navigation uses Flash, text links are in the footer section of the page
3.	❏   Navigation is structured in an unordered list
4.	❏   Navigation aids, such as site map, skip navigation link, or breadcrumbs are used
5.	❏   Color is not used alone to convey meaning
6.	❏   Text color has sufficient contrast with background color
7.	❏   Image elements use the alt attribute to configure an alternate text description
8.	❏   If graphics are used to convey meaning, the alternate text equivalent is provided
9.	❏   If media is used to convey meaning, the alternate text equivalent is provided
10.	❏   Captions are provided for each audio or video file used
11.	❏   Use attributes designed to improve accessibility such as title when appropriate
12.	❏   Use the id and headers attributes to improve the accessibility of table data
13.	❏   Configure frames with frame titles and place meaningful content in the noframes area
14.	❏   The html element's lang attribute indicates the spoken language of the page
